Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Love is not like pizza.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
She did her best to help him.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Please wait outside of the house.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
The book is in front of the table.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.